

4 PWRGD O(DRAIN)
An open drain output with external pullup resistor required. Asserts low if buck output voltage is low
due to thermal shutdown, dropout, overvoltage, or EN_BUCK shut down

4pinはオープンドレイン出力で、サーマル、電圧、など異常の時にLOWに落とす

5 nOCTW O
Overcurrent and overtemperature warning indicator. This output is open drain with external pullup
resistor required.

5pinは電流、サーマル異常インジケータ

6 nFAULT O Fault report indicator. This output is open drain with external pullup resistor required.

6pinは異常インジケータ

7 DTC I Dead-time adjustment with external resistor to GND

7pinはデッドタイム調整用入力

8 M_PWM I
Mode selection pin for PWM input configuration. If M_PWM = LOW, the device supports 6 independent
PWM inputs. When M_PWM = HIGH, the device must be connected to ONLY 3 PWM input signals on
INH_x. The complementary PWM signals for low side signaling will be internally generated from the
high side inputs.

8pinをHighにすると3入力でOK　INHxを3つつなげる
8pinをLOWにすると6入力必要

9 M_OC I
Mode selection pin for over-current protection options. If M_OC = LOW, the gate driver will operate in a
cycle-by-cycle current limiting mode. If M_OC = HIGH, the gate driver will shutdown the channel which
detected an over-current event.

9pinは　LOWでサイクル毎に電流制限、HIGHで異常時シャットダウン

10 GAIN O
Gain selection for integrated current shunt amplifiers. If GAIN = LOW, the internal current shunt
amplifiers have a gain of 10V/V. If GAIN = HIGH, the current shunt amplifiers have a gain of 40V/V.

10pinはゲイン選択。LOWで10V/V,Highで40V/V 使わないからいらない。

11 OC_ADJ I
Overcurrent trip set pin. Apply a voltage on this pin to set the trip point for the internal overcurrent
protection circuitry. A voltage divider from DVDD is recommended.

11pinは電流制限用の設定ピン　分圧器から持ってくる推奨

12 DC_CAL I
When DC_CAL is high, device shorts inputs of shunt amplifiers and disconnects loads. DC offset
calibration can be done through external microcontroller.

12pinはHIGHに上げるとシャントの入力をショートして、キャリブレーションできるよ

16 EN_GATE I Enable gate driver and current shunt amplifiers. Control buck via EN_BUCK pin.

16pinは有効化ピン。これがないと動かない。


23 DVDD P
Internal 3.3-V supply voltage. DVDD cap should connect to AGND. This is an output, but not specified
to drive external circuitry.

23pin　ｵｯここから3V3取ってこれるじゃ〜ん・・・

24 REF I
Reference voltage to set output of shunt amplfiiers with a bias voltage which equals to half of the
voltage set on this pin. Connect to ADC reference in microcontroller.

24pin mcのADCリファレンスに使え電圧

27 AVDD P
Internal 6-V supply voltage, AVDD cap should connect to AGND. This is an output, but not specified to
drive external circuitry.

27pin ｵｯここから6V取ってこれるじゃ〜ん・・・

55 EN_BUCK I
Enable buck converter. Internal pullup current source. Pull below 1.2 V to disable. Float to enable.
Adjust the input undervoltage lockout with two resistors

55pin 降圧コンバータ有効化　1.2Vより下に落とすと無効化。勝手にプルアップされてる




